Welcome to MarketView!

To get the app to run properly, you will need to install react, then do the following:

1. Front-End npm installs (IN TERMINAL, cd to the "marketview" folder, then type "npm install <any item on this list>")
    a. axios
    b. finnhub --save (ALSO: make a file called ".env" inside of the "marketview" folder, and put this in the .env file REACT_APP_FINNHUB_API_KEY=c1se9aqad3i9o8uaclc0) <-- Credits to Matt G
    c. plotly.js-dist
    d. --save react-modal
    e. --save react-router-dom

2. Back-end npm installs (IN TERMINAL, cd to the "server" folder, then type "npm install <any item on this list>")
    a. body-parser
    b. cors
    c. express
    d. mysql
    e. nodemon (ALSO: while your terminal is still cd to "server", type "npm run devStart" to start the server) OR (type "node index.js".
        Just know you will have to do this every time you change something in index.js)

3. In your editor (VSCode or whatever you use), go to "server" folder, then open the package.json. Change it so your "scripts" look like this:
"scripts": {
    "start": "node index.js",
    "devStart": "nodemon index.js",
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },

4. Install mySQL and mySQL Workbench
    a. set up your new connection, and don't worry about what port you're on (Just make sure it is NOT 3001)
    b. copy & paste the contents of marketview.sql into a query window (it's usually called Query1 or something) <-- Credits to Samir H
    c. if you ever open up mySQL Workbench and you can't use your connection, open your task manager, then go to services.
        Look for something along the lines of "MySQL80", or some other number. This is just what it is on my machine.
        Right click on it and click "start". The connection should be working now.
    d. to view a table's contents, just right click on it on the dropdown menu on the left, then click "select rows - limit 1000"
        you can then directly change the contents of the table on the bottom of the screen (remember to click "apply" though!)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HOW TO USE MARKETVIEW:

When you first open the app, you will be prompted to sign up or log in. If you don't already have an account, sign up with a username and password.
If you already have an account, simply log in with your username and password. Upon authentication, you will be let into the web app! You can log out
from any page by pressing the "log out" button in the top right of the screen.

On the Home page you can:
    1. View the current Dow Jones and NASDAQ
    2. Email our team if you need help! The contact email is in the bottom right of the screen
    3. View a short synopsis of the app's features

On the News page you can:
    1. View 6 recent news articles regarding finance & stocks
        a. Opening one will open a new tab, so just switch tabs again to get back to MarketView!

On the Stocks page you can:
    1. Search for (valid) stock ticker symbols 
    2. Add ticker symbols to your stock folder
        a. If your entry was valid, a stock graph will pop up (Y values are based on $100,000)
            a1. You can use the tool icons above the graph to personalize your experience
            a2. From here you can add the stock ticker to your stock folder, or choose to ignore it and return to search

On the MyProfile page you can:
    1. View your profile
        a. Stock folder
            a1. This is where you store the ticker symbols you are tracking. You can click on them to see their information graphically!
            a2. To make your stock folder private (only you can see it), just click the "Make Stock Folder Private" button
        b. Comments on your profile
            b1. Others can comment on your profile, and you can see what they had to say as well as when they said it
            b2. Email our dev team if you think a comment was inappropriate, and we will personally remove the commenter from our system
        c. Your information
            c1. You can view and change both your full name and bio. To change either one, just enter the replacement in the text field and hit submit!

On the Social page you can:
    1. Search for other MarketView users
        a. Upon searching for a (valid) MarketView username, thier profile will pop up
            a1. If they have a public stock folder, you can view the ticker symbols in it. You can click on the ticker symbols to see their information grpahically!
        b. You can see what others had to say about this user's profile based on the Comments section. To leave a new comment of your own, just 
            enter the comment in the text field and hit submit! Note: the date/time of your comment will be recorded, and it will be linked to your username.
            No inappropriate comments please, or your account may be removed from the system
        c. You can see the user's full name and bio at the top of the popup screen




